AS A <PERSON>, I < WANT TO >, <SO THAT>.

As a Student, I want to see list of finished exams, so that I know what exams are remaining.
As a Student, I want to see list of courses, so that I know which courses I'm attending.
As a Student, I want to see list of my payments and expenses, so that I have insight into my costs, payments and account balance.
As a Student, I want to see my account data, so that I know they are correct and edit them.
As a Student, I want to see list of my documents, so that I can download them.
As a Student, I want to sign up for the exam, so that I can take it and maybe pass it. 
As a Student, I want to see list of my signed exams, so that I know what when and where the exam will be held.

As a Teacher, I want to see list of my courses, so that I know which courses I'm teaching.
As a Teacher, I want to see my account data, so that I know they are correct and edit them.
As a Teacher, I want to see list of exams on courses, so that I know what when and where the exam will be held.
As a Teacher, I want to edit data of exam that is finished, so that I can enter points and grade for all students. 

As an Administrator, I want to see student/teacher data, so that I could edit or delete them.
As an Administrator, I want to see student account balance, so that I can update account balance.
As an Administrator, I want to see course information, so that I could edit or delete them.
As an Administrator, I want to see list of exams on course, so that I can set date and time or cancel it.
As an Administrator, I want to see list of courses, so that I can add or delete course.
As an Administrator, I want to see list of teachers on course, so that I can add, edit or delete teacher. 
As an Administrator, I want to see list of students on course, so that I can add, edit or delete student. 
As an Administrator, I want to see list of exams on course, so that I can add, edit or delete exam. 
As an Administrator, I want to see list of documents, so that I have insight into all documents of student and update them. 

